---
title: "Post Containing Test Content For My Brand New Web Site"
subtitle: >-
  A post to test that content renders properly here on the web site fraser dot
  cam. This subtitle spills onto multiple lines in the YAML.
date:   2026-05-28 20:31:16 -0700
categories: jekyll update
dropcap: all
---

Hello and welcome to my page! This web site is made with Jekyll and features my
very own custom theme. This post exists to test that all the different kinds of
formatting that I can think of look good in this theme.

The introductory paragraph above features a drop-cap: the "H" in "Hello" is
huge. The behavior of drop-caps is a bit customizable. So if, for instance, I
know that the first paragraph of this article is just a single sentence and the
drop-cap would look silly, I can disable it. Besides "off," the available
options for drop-caps are `init`, `section`, and `all`, for one or both of the
two cases where drop-caps may be added. The very first paragraph of the article
is the `init` case. We'll see the other later. First...

## This is a section heading.

It's indicated with two pound signs in Markdown, but gets rendered as an `h2`
element once it gets transformed into HTML. `h1` is reserved for the article
title and shouldn't be used in the document body. Fun fact: apparently
including plenty of `h2`s in your document is important for SEO? Or maybe my
information is out of date. Maybe none of that matters anymore in the age of
AI and we've given up on making our stuff appear on Google. I'm not totally
sure where I heard that `h2` thing anyways.

There are further levels of headings:

### This is a level 3 heading. It's an `h3` element.

#### This is a level 4 heading. **It contains bold text.**

##### This is a level 5 heading. *It contains italic text.*

All these lower-level heading types appear in the body font, Roboto, rather
than the title font, Lato. Which reminds me: I should test formatting in my
section headings as well. Here we go:

## This is another section heading. It contains `code`, *italics*, and **bold type**. Besides which, it's just very long.

Links are important elements of the World Wide Web. The last word in this
sentence is a link to my [Bluesky](https://bsky.app/profile/fraser.cam). Links
come in all sorts of different lengths. [This entire sentence links to my
GitHub.](https://github.com/frasercl)

You can also link to different locations within the same document. This
sentence contains a link to [the first section](#this-is-a-section-heading) of
this page. This sentence has a footnote.[^1]

Next up is a block quote. This particular quote is from YouTube video essayist
Noah Caldwell-Gervais, chosen for no other reason than I had it written down in
my Supernote and it was close to hand.

> This is the power of the road narrative in American culture, its deepest and
> and least-articulated appeal: that there is peace in the journey because the
> destination might be illusory. I really do love this country, but what I love
> most about it are always the things that it's told me it wanted to be, and so
> much more rarely what it is in practice.

---

The element above is an `hr`, or "horizontal rule." It can be used to divide sections of text from each other without using a heading.

You'll notice this section also began with a drop-cap. This is the `section`
case for the drop-cap rule. When this rule is active, paragraphs immediately
after a section break get a drop-cap. This might be standard practice, but I
specifically observed this behavior on [The Verge](https://theverge.com). As
best I can tell, features on that website get a drop-cap at the beginning and
after section breaks, but not after section headings.

## Now let's test different kinds of list!

### First: an unordered list.

Some of my priorities for this Jekyll theme are:

- Magazine-like appearance
- Good for short posts and for very long ones
- Short URLs, long article titles
  - I like very short, memorable URLs
  - Having shorter URLs means the header bar above can contain a largeish
    breadcrumb trail
    - Having a largeish breadcrumb trail means the breadcrumbs can double as
      a page title

### Second: an ordered list.

I've got a project I've been thinking about a lot lately. I want to
procedurally generate a pretty 3D mountain scene with WebGPU. This scene will
include some features:

1. Mountain
  - Generated with diffusion-limited aggregation? Can it be made
    compute-shader-friendly?
2. Trees
  - Lots of previous work on this
  - [This](https://github.com/dgreenheck/ez-tree) looks promising
  - So does [this](https://github.com/friggog/tree-gen)
3. Grass
4. Water?
5. Glacier?

### Third: a checklist!

Here are some content elements I've tested so far:

- [X] Headers
- [ ] Lists
  - [X] Unordered
  - [X] Ordered
  - [ ] Check (this list)
- [ ] Code blocks (coming next!)
- [ ] Tables

## Did you know I write code for a living?

It's true! And I might want to write about it. And when I write about it, I'm
likely to want to add snippets of code to my post. Theoretically, I should be
able to get syntax highlighting for multiple different languages in my code
blocks. So let's test that too. Here's some example TypeScript code:

```typescript
class Vector2<T = number> {
  constructor(public x: T, public y: T) {}

  add(other: Vector2<T>): Vector2<T> {
    return new Vector2(this.x + other.x, this.y + other.y);
  }
}
```

And here's some Rust code:

```rust
use std::ops::Add;

#[derive(Clone, Copy)]
pub struct Vec2<T: Copy> {
  x: T,
  y: T,
}

impl<T> Vec2<T> {
  pub fn new(x: T, y: T) -> Self {
    Self { x, y }
  }
}

impl<T: Add> Add for Vec2<T> {
  type Output = Vec2<T::Output>;

  fn add(self, rhs: Self) -> Self::Output {
    Vec2 {
      x: self.x + rhs.x,
      y: self.y + rhs.y,
    }
  }
}
```

## Lastly, tables!

| Foo | Bar                                                                   |
| --- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 1   | This is some text.                                                    |
| 2   | This is much longer text.                                             |
| 3   | This is some very very long text; it might even push onto a new line. |
